[6.6.x] fix: add request timeout (#265)
shopwareLabs/SwagPayPal: CHANGELOG.md

# 9.7.7

> - Fixes an issue, requests to PayPal could wait indefinitly. Requests are now limited to 2 minutes (shopware/SwagPayPal#262)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue, requests to PayPal could wait indefinitly. Requests are now limited to 30 seconds (shopware/SwagPayPal#262)
```
